Add `head` and `attributes` props to `MjmlMailRoot` (#5559)
vivid-planet/comet: packages/mail-react/openspec/specs/mjml-mail-root/spec.md

#### Scenario: No other default attributes beyond padding and fontFamily

> - **WHEN** `<MjmlMailRoot>` is rendered without an `attributes` prop

Reviewer: Should this mention `head` as well?

Author: I think this part covers it good enough: 

> ```md
> #### Scenario: Slot props omitted
> 
> - **WHEN** `<MjmlMailRoot>` is rendered without `head` or `attributes` props
> - **THEN** no extra elements appear in `<mj-head>` or `<mj-attributes>` beyond the built-in defaults
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **WHEN** `<MjmlMailRoot>` is rendered without `head` or `attributes` props
```
